# Viewing monitor data

RMM > Monitoring the health and performance of workloads > Viewing monitor data
Viewing monitor data

For each workload, you can view the list of applied monitors, the current status of the monitors, and the historical performance details in a graphical view. You can use this information to analyze the state of the workload and how the state changed in time.

Prerequisites
A monitoring plan is applied on the workload.
The workload is online and has data for the corresponding monitor.
The version of the agent that is installed on the workload supports the monitoring plans.

To view the monitors that are applied to a workload and the monitor data

In the Protection console, go to Devices > All devices.

Click a workload, and then click the Monitoring tab.

The Monitoring tab displays a widget for each monitor that is enabled for the workload. Each widget displays the following information.

Displayed information	Description
Monitor name	The monitor name
Last result	The latest value of the monitored metric or the latest state of the event
Last check	The date and time when the monitor collected the last data
Alerts

The number of alerts that were generated by the monitor and are still unresolved.

If there is at least one unresolved alert generated by this monitor, clicking the number will open the Alerts tab. The alerts will be filtered, and only the alerts for this monitor will be listed.

The widgets become visible on the tab 15 minutes (or the minimum monitor frequency that is set for a monitor) after you apply a monitoring plan to the workload.

To view more details about the monitor, and if applicable, the historical data that was collected for the monitored metric, in the monitor's widget, click the ellipsis icon, and then click Details.

For more information about the monitor details that you can see in the widgets, see Monitor widgets.

Monitor widgets

Back to Top



Last build date: Tuesday, March 10, 2026

User Guide for Cyber Protect Cloud Console26.02.