# Creating a script by using AI

Managing workloads in the Cyber Protect console > Cyber Scripting > Scripts > Creating a script by using AI
Creating a script by using AI

The availability of this feature depends on the license that you have.

You can use AI to transform prompts into powerful scripts, saving you time and efforts. You can use the functionality in the following ways:

Enter a prompt to ask AI to generate a script from scratch.
Enter a prompt to ask AI to review and complete a code that you have entered in the script body. You can use this capability when you have been struggling with more complex codes.

The functionality uses the GPT-4 model of OpenAI. You can use it to create up to 100 scripts for your organization per calendar month, free of charge.

To create a script by using AI

In the Cyber Protect console, go to Management > Script repository.

In My Scripts, click Create a script by using AI.

In the prompt, enter a description of what the script should do. Ensure that the description that you enter is as clear and detailed as possible.

For example:

I need a script that deletes Temporary files for all users (including user profiles + Windows Temps) and disable Windows Update Service to allow the script to run

In the prompt, click the arrow button.

In the confirmation window, select Language and Operating system, and then click Generate.

The script that is generated by AI is displayed in the main pane. The name and description of the script are automatically generated by AI so that they match the script. The AI-generated tag is automatically assigned to the script.

Review the script that was generated by AI and if necessary, edit it manually.

If necessary, edit the script settings.

Setting	Description
Script name

Script name. The field is populated automatically, but you can change the value.


Description

Script description. This setting is optional.

[For scripts generated by AI] The field will be populated automatically upon script generation. You can edit the description provided by AI.


Language

Script language. The available values are:

PowerShell. This is the default value.
Bash

[For scripts generated by AI] This setting is configured before the script generation.


Operating system

Operating system that is installed on the target workload on which the script will run. The available values are:

Windows. This is the default value.
macOS

[For scripts generated by AI] This setting is configured before the script generation.


Status

Script status.

Draft. This is the default value. The new scripts that you create and the scripts that you clone to your repository are in the Draft status. You are not allowed to run Draft scripts or include them in scripting plans.

Testing. Only administrators with the Cyber administrator role can change the status of a script to Testing, run scripts in the Testing status, and run scripting plans with such scripts.

Approved. You can run Approved scripts and include them in scripting plans.

Only administrators with the Cyber administrator role can change the status of a script or delete an approved script. For more information, see Changing the script status.


Tags

The tags are not case-sensitive and can be up to 32 characters long. You cannot use round and angle brackets, commas, or spaces.

This setting is optional.

[For scripts generated by AI] The AI-generated tag will be added automatically upon script generation. You can manually delete this tag or add more tags.

[Only for scripts that require credentials] Specify the credentials.

You can use a single credential (for example, a token) or a pair of credentials (for example, a user name and a password).

[Only for scripts that require arguments] Specify the arguments and their values, as follows:

Click Add.

In the Add arguments field, specify the argument.

Click Add.

In the second field that appears, specify the argument value.

You can only specify arguments that you have already defined in the script body.

For example:

Repeat the steps above if you need to add more than one argument.

Click Save.

The script is saved to your repository in the Draft status.

You cannot use the script until an administrator with the Cyber administrator role changes its status to Approved. For more information, see Changing the script status.

To use a script in another tenant that you manage, you must clone the script to that tenant. For more information, see Cloning a script.

Back to Top



Last build date: Tuesday, March 10, 2026

User Guide for Cyber Protect Cloud Console26.02.